README.md, before:

## OVERVIEW

The goal of this project is to learn about data/data visualization in React/JavaScript. I modified and combined other data sets to create a data set containing Donald Trump's daily shift in approval rating (according to 538), his overall approval rating as an average of different polls, and the number of tweets for each calendar day between January 2017 => January 2021. My hypothesis is that the larger a positive/negative shift in Trump's daily approval rating is, the more he will tweet.

## MVP

### DONE
- Some kind of ability to affect the timeframe of the graph, whether it be typing in a time period to look at, or dragging mouse across the graph to select the timeframe.
- approval change, number of tweets per day, overall approval rating are all shown on the graph
- Ability to hide/show different aforementioned items.


### TO DO

- Dynamic statement With values that update based on the brush/date selection

- Scaling for the approval change
- Figure out correlation between approval rating and tweets
- Grouping by year / month / week



## MISCELLANEOUS
- Replace homepage whenever deploying to GitHub Pages

Commit message:

Updated readme to reflect completed and to do issues. Re- added homepage. Made small changes to conversion files to account for the first index of data arrays Improved description Calculated pearson correlation coefficient Created dynamic statements with values that update according to the brushed parameters

README.md, after:

## OVERVIEW

The goal of this project is to learn about data/data visualization in React/JavaScript. I modified and combined other data sets to create a data set containing Donald Trump's daily shift in approval rating (according to 538), his overall approval rating as an average of different polls, and the number of tweets for each calendar day between January 2017 => January 2021. My hypothesis is that the larger a positive/negative shift in Trump's daily approval rating is, the more he will tweet.

### DONE
- Some kind of ability to affect the timeframe of the graph, whether it be typing in a time period to look at, or dragging mouse across the graph to select the timeframe.
- approval change, number of tweets per day, overall approval rating are all shown on the graph
- Ability to hide/show different aforementioned items.
- Figure out correlation between approval rating and tweets
- Dynamic statement With values that update based on the brush/date selection
### TO DO

- Label x and y axis, might have to post on GitHub/StackOverflow about the type error

- Add major events during the trump presidency, or allow users to add the events as tooltips themselves

- Scaling for the approval change

- Grouping by year / month / week

- Streamline process for modifying data sets



## MISCELLANEOUS
- Replace homepage whenever deploying to GitHub Pages
